yeah you know that you're gonna have to
tell me to stop talking you're gonna be
more impressed with how my hair bounces
back for these headphones I'm over in my
interview don't you guys have talked for
about 30 minutes and then we'll call to
callers and to advise people I have a
feeling your advice guy different than
mine which will make it any worse really
I always save to make my kids ever say
you know people pay to hear what I have
to say you guys run for me you hear my
voice is a front for the hills it sounds
like you kids are home yeah exactly yeah
I'm ready okay this is only my third
podcast that I haven't I haven't done
many podcasts I did one years ago with
Pat Monahan he's a friend of mine from
train yeah and it was at Kim Zolciak she
I was promoting my show and I did one so
but I never did one like this so this
it's a little intimidating with that the
headphone comes
yeah sure you're comfortable on that
head because I was like my headphones
are slipping off your wig no that's cuz
I don't have no golf I'm asking Barbara
looks just like awake
okay so where am I gonna start okay so
what's it like to talk to dead people
well today we have with us Theresa
Caputo who you probably all know much
more or you probably all today we have
with us Theresa Caputo and you probably
know her as the Long Island medium she's
going to share with us how she handles
this gift she has or I might even call
it a superpower she talks to dead people
let's hear what it's all about
you like that city that was great okay
okay
Theresa I'm almost I'm almost
frightening for every Thunder my friend
I'm gonna call my mom dad and you're
gonna know me from the past or something
absolute look at nothing like that no
see that's off-limits just for the
information limits okay but uh tell me
what a medium really is because a lot of
people have their own idea about it what
a medium is or isn't what do you do and
can you really talk to new people and
talk to dead people
well I have the ability to sense and
feel our departed loved ones you know
people always say you psyche
I don't predict the future I don't want
people's loved ones telling them what
they should or shouldn't do with their
life decisions and choices i from a very
young age of four I've been I've had the
ability to sense and feel things that
nobody else was in the room that and I
was and I would see so I can remember a
clear vision at four years old so we
seeing a woman standing at the end of my
bed Wow freaky but to me that was normal
but it's a bad way year-old to you
you're laying any bed at night and you
see somebody at the foot of your bed I
would think any child be frightened to
death that didn't frame you my well
remembering it at that time no at that
exact moment but my mom would say that I
would wake up with blood-curdling
screams screaming and like somebody was
literally attacking me and it would be
no one in my room
I didn't sleepwalk I would just get up
and would just have extreme anxiety and
felt like I needed to get out of that
room out of that bed and I just didn't
want to be in there and you actually
remember that as a child I remember that
extreme fear yes that were they bad
people no when I found out what I found
out later in life it was my great
grandmother who had passed before I was
even born
oh my gosh dad was the first soul that I
can remember seeing and when you let me
I would never communicate with her I
would always just see her and and feel
her when you were feeling her and waking
up with a scream
and being so frightened as a
four-year-old were you actually thinking
there was someone they had a harm me or
is it a good energy or was it simply you
were afraid because he didn't understand
what was going on I didn't understand
what was going on what did you tell I I
would just say this someone had met my
parents did she think you're crazy your
mom no because I come from a very
spiritual and a strong faith family I
mean my brother still tells the story of
one night that I convinced my parents
that there was a man looking in my
window with big green eyes that at like
3 o'clock in the morning he had my dad
out there on the ladder on the roof and
my brother and it turned out to be my
neighbor's cat no I swear I do but I but
I what I was sensing and feeling was was
real and I can feel that watching over
but no one ever really made a big deal
about things that I would say might
bring up people that have died in the
past or I would just see things and
nobody ever really made a big deal about
it they just embraced it so you have the
perfect family to welcome your
difference I did but you can't say about
a lot of families no you might you might
just as easily been labeled a freak some
come out I say that all the time I might
have been diagnosed
maybe with schizophrenia or a summit
some other type of disorder if I was
with a different family I I say this all
the time also I know my path has been
chosen and this is my soul's destiny
because I feel that I lived a very
privileged life and when I say privilege
I don't mean by financial means
privilege to have a loving and
supportive family of course I only lost
my grandparents within the past 10 years
so I was well into my 40s still having
my grandparents here I still live right
next door to my parents and I'm 52 even
though Wikipedia says I'm 53 don't
believe everything you read
differences exactly a lot but also dead
people tell me yeah specifically about
the dead people are they happy to be
dead iPhones murdered well
I think this is again one of the
misconceptions that people have of what
I do that they show me the other side
that I have this untold vision or a
story about heaven or what the sole
suspect is maybe but what it is and this
is what then why I'm explaining this to
Barbara is because it all came through
the process of me accepting who God
intended me to be here in the physical
my soul's journey because growing up I
never felt complete I always felt that
there was something missing and I share
this part of my story because I found
out a lot of people might feel that way
maybe it's with a relationship a job
though they just feel something's
missing deep within their soul and it
wasn't until I embraced my gift is when
I felt complete that's why I know that
it's my destiny so I struggled with why
was I chosen what am I supposed to do
with this who's going to want to come
and see a medium and speak to their
relatives that have died and this
happened when Theresa when there's a kid
I was this or you're already grown about
what yeah I was growing it was later in
my 20s raising a family raising a family
I just had my daughter Victoria and you
had continued to have different spirits
welcome themselves into your life and
then you finally said one day hey this
is a gift I should do something with
and bring it to other people yes because
I need to realize how life-changing it
was and how are you using it up until
then I wasn't using my gift I was
lacking in his spirits were still
visiting or you were lucky I was
blocking them out so and I was ignoring
what I was sensing and feeling so if the
spirit wanted to visit you for example
you back in that chapter of your life
they don't find down the door they don't
say let me and I'm gonna kill you now
something like that they just will
graciously leave if they're not welcome
I used to write like I would just not
answer them or acknowledge their
presence so what happens is I start to
feel certain things and then where the
spirit pushes me enough to get me to say
something is when I know when to proceed
with what I'm sensing and feeling so no
but I just saw I interrupted like I just
want you to understand why I also chose
to do what I do is because I found out
from sensing I had gone to a spiritual
awareness class to learn how to relax I
had a lot of extreme anxiety I couldn't
leave my house because I was I was I'm
empathic so I feel how other people feel
they will I feel the soul how they died
what they want to communicate to their
loved one just walking around the street
so you go to your local delicatessen and
if that gentleman lost his father five
years ago suddenly that dad's behind the
counter - and you're feeling their
messaging coming out I know but I when I
walked in this room I felt that there
was a father figure in this room been in
hi I don't know who his daddy is because
I never honored Father's Day the last
Father's Day and then my dad kicked the
bucket please don't tell me he's back -
I don't know but I could just tell you
what I sense and feel and then there was
I had a labouring of the breathing in my
chest which means that they passed him
something of the chest whether if it was
a heart attack could be lung cancer
usually sometimes if someone drown I
will feel like I fill up with fluid if
someone was brutally maybe someone was
murdered or tragic departure out
like I taste blood oh it's just for like
a split second but I've learned to over
the years had a channel and to
communicate them to the person that it
is their loved one and more importantly
that the soul is at peace so why I chose
what I do is because I learned that
people are left with burdens and guilts
they're left with or should have could
have would have been an only if none of
these things that I've ever been left
with that's why I share with you before
I very privileged of not having to go
through a tragedy losing someone at a
very young age so when I channel and
when I reach someone I can't have an
opinion I can't have a personal thought
feeling or emotion and it was validated
on I don't know if you notice I was on
dr. oz way hours and dr. demian when
they read my brain as I was reading
someone and they say my brain literally
like flatlines
I don't I don't know it just it just
happens it's it's me it's it's Who I am
I don't know how I do it how I don't do
it I just know when to say something
when not to say something it's something
not every spirit problem well let me
tell you do you know it I don't talk to
spirits unfortunately I'm jealous
honestly but not every spirit has to
have a positive message or are those the
only spirits you hear from what about
the bad guy that wants to say something
negative you elect yourself an obnoxious
spirits not allowed to when I when I put
my gift in the universe's hands and I
said this is my soul's journey please be
the path and the opportunities and I
will follow I only want good things if
it can help someone or prevent something
then I don't want to know about it but
can negative dudes help someone to get a
negative message something so endlessly
so I'll use this as an example if this
will answer your question I remember
doing a live show and this young woman
was murdered by her boyfriend and I'm
channeling her to her mother you know
she's saying she's at peace she
described what she looked like how
beautiful she was because the
the head visions of the way that her
physical body was left and that's how
she was visualizing her daughter how
would I know that I wouldn't know that
so the daughters having me deliver this
message and I said to her your daughter
wants me to deliver a message from
someone else but I can't see him
I can't get any messages directly from
him which is my symbol for that his soul
isn't at a plane with God in God's white
life but he wants to apologize and want
you to know that he does know and is
remorseful and knows what he took from
you your most precious get your daughter
and that boyfriend had already passed he
committed suicide after you killed her
but I couldn't directly sense his energy
because he wasn't in positive light yet
but one goes just good enough you got
she and the mother said I came here
wanting to know if he was remorseful and
if he knew what he took from me so you
were able to help her daughter's soul I
was just the vessel that the daughter
used so you people can interpret you
know when they said you live there
negative messages I'm traveling
someone's loved one maybe they died
tragically maybe they were murdered
maybe they lost their child to cancer or
they feel that they weren't properly
taken care of by doctors or in a
hospital that is negative so I have a
hard time when people say things about
negative messages it's hard you and I
real people yeah negative about the
message and you're able to give them
peace right by reinterpreting mm-hmm
what really happened or how they should
or shouldn't feel right it's always in a
positive light what if you get something
to negative let's say you get a spirit
who's pissed off and wants to be heard
do just turn that away do you keep it to
yourself to feel obligated to share this
I've never had that I've never heard I
from a soul they will make me feel how
they felt before they died they might
anger frustration because of an illness
but that is never their message
our intent as they channel so their
intent also parallel in your own is to
bring peace yes do do you believe that
all ghosts or spirits or however you
might want to describe them have
positive energy when they go yonder and
they come back as peaceful people cuz
there's a lot of bad people in life I
have a thousand percent well how the
soul chooses to re-enter that's a
different story
what do you mean so there's more not
only that is more I you know I I've done
past life regressions I don't know if
people something referred to as
reincarnation however you want to
interpret it where our souls have had
many different journeys here in the
physical world so you will interpret
what that last journey might look like
so right so if someone the time and time
again it happens where maybe a husband
will come through and they're speaking
to them their wife and saying I see now
from the other side how terrible I was
to you how I never told you how much I
loved you or how much I appreciate
everything that you did for me how you
cared for me and for that I am sorry and
then the woman in front of me is
breaking down and saying that's exactly
how I feel he was he would say mean
things to me before he died he would
throw his food at me would yell at me
but it was the illness it was the
frustration so now she would be beating
herself up here in the physical world I
could have known better what could I
have done differently and not being able
to heal at the end of the day every
message that Spirit has me deliver it
has to deliver peace if something that
that person is holding on to that is
holding them back from healing Theresa
do you think those messages of peace of
because they're coming through you as a
medium and that's who you are or do you
think all the spirits out there that
have passed on
half piece there's that part and parcel
of being the spirit from what so what
spirit from what spirit has told me is
that when the soul leaves the physical
body they immediately leave behind
disabilities ailment hatred behind when
a soul comes through and apologizes that
means that the soul had to relive their
life through our eyes to feel what it
was like for their choices and decisions
on how it affected us how it hurt us
so that is how they're able to come
through and apologize let's say you're
going to shopping you have your normal
chores to do you have your laundry list
you want to get done and everywhere you
go you're feeling a spirit there's gotta
be tons of them floating around what do
you do to you or them do you lock them
out well you also have to say not
everyone might need to hear from their
loved one no but let's say you're by
yourself and you're not you're not
counseling anymore right doing a video
maybe you're just walking down the
street and you see a spirit sitting on a
student saying you know why don't you
think I'm like that you don't see I
don't tell me what you see what you're
going the beauty salon I get your next
week you want next time I come Barbara
all they're away is so high I must be
going up to the heavens in yes pray okay
and it'll get away your secrets I don't
have any secrets
I know no I don't I don't see the way we
see here in the physical world it's more
through a feeling I just sense and feel
things right so I can feel a presence
but they might not make me feel anything
else to say so I just don't I just want
to walk around and go hey your uncle is
here
your cousin is here you know it doesn't
work like that they then have to give me
other points validations that they that
that person needs to hear a message not
about believing in what I do but needs
the gift of healing for example years
ago I can remember I was in
bloomingdales I think I was picking a
perfume and I was at the counter and all
of a sudden I smelt a big whoop of
gardenias
now that's not unusual I've been over at
the perfume I'm imperfect of course not
so far as sounds wrong right yeah
so I'm standing there and all of a
sudden this woman is saying ask me look
over and the smell gets stronger and
then I hear please tell my daughter how
much you love her perfume
okay so now I don't say anything I wait
and the woman turns to me and she says
it's so hard to pick out a new scent
when you've been wearing one for so long
right and I'm like yeah it's not by the
way I said I love your perfume it's I
love it it smells like gardenias and she
looked at me and she started crying and
she said I'm wearing my mom's perfume
today's her birthday and when she was
alive I would yell at her stop wearing
that stinky perfume so I wore her
perfume today in honor of my mom woman
didn't know that I was child that I
heard tell my daughter how much you love
her perfume or how pretty it is right
enough to have that conversation so I
was able to deliver a message in a way
that it just wasn't like hey your mom
passed she's here yes and she wants you
to know something I would have been
tempted so tempted if I were in your
shoes that moment to say and by the way
your mother just relayed that message
through me it would almost triple the
power they would be confirmation that
she chose the right a few today but you
weren't tempted to do that it she didn't
need that validation she knew it I think
we have exchanged words I mean I'm going
back probably about 12 years ago there
was a comfort it was a confirmation that
her mother was with her and that not to
feel that sorry will feel bad about
yelling at her stop wearing her sweetie
perfume you know these are the things
that what I realized that people go over
after time and time again of the little
things that they hold onto and that they
remember after the loss of a loved one I
remember you were in my office for your
show and you were feeling the spirit of
father here I remember much of the
detail of that afternoon every spent but
was was so shocking to me I remember is
that you ended by saying that there had
been a tree planted and my mother was so
happy about the tree you floored me
knowing that after my mother passed from
Alzheimer's just sick so long that there
was a new set of Raintree which was a
Japanese maple which is really a
Japanese maple but you went far enough
then you were able to tell that detail
whose spellbound me how are you able to
get not just the spirit that's relaying
messages to their loved ones but how
you're able to collect that kind of
detail that in my mind Britt so much
credibility to go to everything else you
were saying because that's one of my
requirements for spirit I've learned
that there are a lot of common things
I'm the first one say that what I do is
crazy
anyone can say what spirit has me say
and there are common burdens and guilts
that we carry common ways people die but
with every healing message that they
have we deliver they have to validate
with something to the person that
they're speaking to so that the person
you're speaking to are relating the
message to write as you write so
important see now I'm talking about
knowing I was like I had one eye in or
when I am sure a cynic if I'm honest and
that you have new almond of course and
and I learned when I asked for that if I
could interrupt your moment you asked
for that from the spirit like prude to
me you're the right spirit you're really
her deceased husband by giving me a
detail and then suddenly that spirit is
saying remind her that a tree was
planted well for instance spirit knows
when I give a speech or when I do my
little mental preparation they know when
I'm ready to communicate my rules are I
need to feel the bonds and relationship
that they shared with the person I need
to know how they died and you ask the
the person who has not the us know I'm
still alive it you notice I'm not
speaking this is all in my head oh this
is all in my preparation of when I when
I read somebody nobody well you know you
had the experience
ask me anything no idea right are you
sure told me a lot your loved ones told
you yes well said but it seemed to have
such credibility because of the amount
of detail you correct but that's what
they have to do so in every healing
message they have to validate it with
something so unique that there's no way
I would know about could find out about
it sometimes so because this is what's
happening I'm on the cusp now of trying
to do an interview with you right and
trying to block out things that I sense
and feel because this is also what
happens I walk into a room and
immediately spirit either starts coming
or people Know Who I am and they start
asking their loved one so this is an
opportunity please step forward
so when you were sharing the the story
to me before about you know seeing the
tree planted I kept seeing a quarter
that's my symbol for where someone
carries something of their departed
loved ones with them maybe it's a
quarter maybe it's a key it's something
that their loved one character they
carry in memory of them a lot of times
auditioning or someone did have a coin
collection or they find quarters in
memory of their departed loved one but
there is that male figure of that father
figure so whether if it's a grandfather
someone's father could be an uncle that
was like a father to them the laboring
of the of the chest is my symbol for
that they passed him something of the
heart lungs or chest and then there is
also something about change I don't know
so though as I'm talking to you that's
what I see I see flashes of things and I
just sense and then feel other things
there was also somebody that passed was
something of a stomach issue or
something that might be me I'm not gonna
kick the bucket
that's not my stomach no my aunt just
asked me that on the way over there that
they're not coming for me are they
Cherise I'm like no and they're not
she's like well I am nine
it's not spooky person invite over for a
casual dinner Frank to give you know I
say I have no friends that Barbara is it
my hair no yours I'm sweating
who can't expect a week might be
problematic do you want to run your
fingers through my hand I'm gonna prove
that it is not a way I love it back then
people think that I wear a wig sorry
okay Lisa how do you get a long time how
do you find peace how do you click off
and just honestly have a normalcy of any
normalcy of any I'm just starting to
learn that how do you do I started by
starting to really take care of myself
and so it's a hard thing because I think
we look at things as a selfishness we're
being selfish or self up self-absorbed
Franco and I learned that I deserve
quiet time I deserve peace and I think
spirit also realizes that also because
along with everything because I'm always
channeling whether I'm filming for long
on the medium or doing a live show
I'm always channeling am always Austin
and it's interesting on how over the
years Spirit has learned how to kind of
step aside a little bit because they're
not needed in yourself I need you
dictated that with your own thought
I think they saw it and realized that I
it was becoming very taxing on I make
what I do look very easy it's the
hardest thing that I have to do is to
feel someone's emotions a pain or sorrow
a loss in a grief and then in the next
moment have me do something to give them
the gift of laughter that is one thing
another thing that I require them to do
because that is the best medicine for
the Soul you mean you require that the
spirit give you something yeah I need to
get their love
laughing about or just to smile yeah so
it's it's the greatest gift how do you
really chill out in other words what
would be give me a picture of how you
chill out you have a whole afternoon you
don't have any spirits visiting
sometimes I'll just sit and I'll just
like binge watch like friends on the
caption excuse me just yeah I'm sick
that's why we can edit thank God see
that um you know I just find just just
sitting you know I'll just literally go
in my bed and just lay down and just
close my eyes but if I not take nap but
just kind of you know think about things
that I want to accomplish or just kind
of let go of anything any type of
stresses even if it's just like the two
or three minutes and you just taught
yourself that are you so much myself
reason what I caused that to happen why
that life change it's a big one because
it's important I realized that it's
important you know after losing my
grandparents my grandma that was just
gone ten years my grandfather five my
life was so busy and hectic and crazy
and realizing with me being away how
important you know family is and how
important I can't be good to anyone else
I think hit me one time when I was
flying you know and I fly a little
travel all the time and the flight
attendant I have said and you hear it
over and over put your mask on so you
can help someone else
and I said to myself that should be a
rule of thumb in everyday life was I am
no good to no one else
if I am at my weakest moment or bomb
nine 100% and I think after you know
doing that I'm recently divorced you
know going through that and grieving you
know my 33 years with Larry I just felt
that things needed to change for me so
you think and I think sergeants a
divorce turned a page in your life where
you say I've got to take care of
so I think it was everything it was just
it was just everything that I I just
felt that there were so many changes and
why not continue positive changes and I
think that we only take care of
ourselves when we're sick or when we're
not going to think about it when did you
go to the doctor when you're not feeling
good right not me I'm always no I just
keep up on all my all my physical
appointments and checkups but when do we
take care of ourselves when we're at our
work when when were ill so I think it's
important to kind of nip that in the bud
before hands same thing with the healing
process and I think back to myself on
sometimes when I look at how someone's
life changed because of the loss of a
loved one and the choices that they made
because of a burden or guilt that they
carry how different their life could
have been shaped and I think I see that
a lot when I go to the prison and do
readings for some inmates on how their
choices and it stems back to the loss of
a loved one and to be able to give them
that piece and you know a little bit of
hope you'll to have the strength that
you can do it in the first place do we
welcome that into your life amazing I
think this is I think we're all meant to
be here in the physical world to do
special and amazing things and no matter
no matter what it is I want to get back
to being married to Larry for 33 years
you come through a long divorce it felt
like to me I don't know whether it was
to you what do you learn from divorce
and the breaking wall
relationship what did you get out of
that anything good you know I learned
that I don't have not one regret and the
respect that Larry and I have for each
other and where we are today we're so
much better you know to be able to
realize that you know you've grown in
different direction so you want
different things in life or simply just
not happy and doesn't mean that we still
don't
I still love Larry he's the father of my
children did you have spirits like youth
grant now it's your mother giving you
advice from Yonder to what you do they
don't have nothing no can you call help
when you want it for yourself I always
ask for the higher power I personally
call on God I believe in God that's a
special spirit yes you know you're
pulling rank
I I do you know it you know it's so
interesting though on how that's another
whole topic the button get grandparents
they don't come in you don't call them
up and say come to me I would I would I
do in prayer meditation I always look
for guidance I put out there and I
always ask the universe to guide me I
will get messages just like everyone
else signs and symbols is this the right
choice am I making the right decisions
these are my free will choices but I
would always get that validation whether
it be if I would find a white feather
some people find my feathers some people
fight cheek hear that song on the radio
you know get that validation that I know
that spirit is guiding me and that I am
making the right choices and decisions I
also do feel when I am guided in a way
that I shouldn't be going things do
happen or put me at a halt hmm you me
from the other frontal friendly arrows
my better judgment a second yes I think
spirit I then I think the spirit plays a
part in that as well what do you say to
people who say
that the work you do is not credible
that you're a kook that they can't be
any credence in or anything you're doing
what do you say to those hardcore cynics
you know first my first thing is always
I get it I'm the first one to say that
what I do is crazy but speak to someone
that has had the experience so you're
holding a witness an expert witness ask
them because that damn deal it's not I
listen I don't say to people have a
right to their own opinion and I do get
what I do is crazy but it can't change
the fact that the things that spirit had
me say to someone and if it changed
their life in a positive way why would
someone want to take that because people
are using a left brain to figure a lot
out so I could picture someone analyzing
it very badly because I have that in me
too I go both ways sure saying this
doesn't make any sense
it's an illogical can't possibly be
there's no spirit there talking to me
this lady's a kook okay so take that
person is their way you can then call
their father or grandparent into the
scene and say oh yeah you think I'm a
cook well your grandfather's here and he
said you should have never stolen that
car from so now I could like I put them
to bed like just that's it awesome down
closing down I if if they were open to
it
I will never push my gift I will never
use my gift to true or try to defend my
gift in any way shape or form well
you're a much bigger than I you know
what I would do I would have immediately
look for a spirit to call them out and
put them in their place I would be so
annoyed yeah well what I but no but it
truly is an honesty bar but when I say I
get it I understand that I understand
why someone would critique that or
criticize or be a skeptic I get it but I
then in the past I have then asked them
well have there been times where and
then sometimes I might see something
like oh do you ever see the same time on
the clock all the time are you waking up
every night at 3:00 a.m. for no reason
and you know these are also sometimes
signs and symbols that we don't put
together that it's our loved one may I
ask you I
wake up faithfully every night at 3:00
what does it look like do you think that
that was a coincidence I might say that
really you that for me what Leslie
what I have in the list I want to make
sure what did I say well it could it
could
I saw 3:00 a.m. and when I say waking up
same time turn on the car and seeing the
time the same time so it could be that
it could be the same thing cuz sometimes
people don't wake up at least I mean I'd
like to get rid of it frankly my
solution right sometimes people are we
saying I have to go to the bathroom well
that's we look through the night but one
well so what what happens is why we wake
up and this is from what Spirit has told
me is during oh it my spirit who's here
or us spirit I want to know where's that
told me I did feel like there was I I
did see your mother energy okay um when
we wake up in a specific time we have
teaching hours it's when our minds are
at rest that is the mote the best way
that we're able to connect with spirit
on our own is what our mind is at rest
so it's the same thing like if you get
in the car and you're going about your
day you turn the radio on you change the
channel and a song comes on old song
that was your loved ones favorite and
you're not playing it on purpose not a
coincidence at asan it's almost like
spirits energy getting you to do things
getting you to recognize things
so sometimes at that time three years
yeah I like the skin like so sometimes
you might not be able to you could just
tell them you can say I do not please
don't come to me well nobody's coming me
at 3:00 a.m. and to-do list is in my
head I'm check them through that you do
this a busy little beaver in the middle
of the night well is that one but if
it's at the same time again conspiracy
and our attention and those that spirit
refers to in the middle of the night is
our teaching hours so I'm just trying to
teach me at 3:00 a.m. on hoy okay they
might not be teaching you something it
could just be a validation that their
soul is present as well I'll say hi to
my mom tonight you can say hi mom
you know let me go back to sleep I don't
if you're if you're present please do
not but I am also going to say this you
are very Sicilian team famous but you're
always working your mind is never at
rest they just told me your mind has
never mister oh you're a workhorse you
never stop working so we can't guarantee
that she's not gonna get up at 3:00 yeah
well I tell you get out of my get out of
my room do you there's not the same gif
do you have any children
oh yes I believe deal with them it's
different though my son is a very good
intuition my daughter is a little bit
more like me where she senses in felis
feels the souls energy and things like
that a daughter's how old she's 25 now
do you think she'll follow in your
footsteps and share that gift no she's
had it she will share information like
if she feels things around someone but
she's not she she does not take it to
the level that's not her calling yeah
yeah Oh may I ask you one question is
your in an unusual position always
speaking with spirits are you afraid of
death not anymore because of what I do I
know there's something more there's me
like my first book there's more to life
than this I know that we're greeted by
our departed loved ones on the other
side from what spirit people soul
departed souls have described the moment
that their soul leaves the physical body
of what happens and people will say
that's exactly what happened how would
you know that my mom was reaching and
calling out for her brother you know so
there so that gives you credibility
tremendous credibility if you were able
to tell someone that that when you were
when your mother was on her deathbed she
was reaching out for your brother and
individual astok listen isonly I I don't
either
my whole thing also is I don't and I'm
not trying to be rude you know say I'm
letting you you're sweetheart I could
see that people could say whatever they
want about me
I don't care and if I did care it would
it be where I am today you know um
you're a tough cookie I'm sure people
could say what they want you just read
me like a tremendous it's hurtful it's
hurting your pie well it just is deeply
well it bothers me that people have that
in them that they feel the need to be
mean especially on social media when I
post a picture with me my daughter do
you have to comment
my daughter is fat that my daughter
gained weight or that you think that I
shouldn't wear my hair this way or
there's no need for that
is what's a piston we're all gonna be
nice people anyway yeah what you said so
I hope they learn from that yeah they'll
have to relive their but if they left
someone with a burden or a guilt they
have to relive that so they can feel
what it was like for their actions on
how would meet other people feel